Mr. Wang, I naturally think you need to take it out.
Well, I suspect you're trying to poison my godfather
Zhao Zixuan
Mr. Wang, are you sure you don't want to eat it?
Excuse me, Mr. Wang.
If we're not welcome, we're leaving.
Wait for how long and it will work immediately
Godfather, godfather, are you poisoned?
Godfather
Arrest him!
I caught Mr. Wang, rest in peace.
Ah wait
I feel so refreshed.
What? I see if you are poisoned.
Xu Tao, wait to die, you are in very good condition
The qi and blood of the whole body are cleared
Very healthy.
Mine is fine
If you don't believe me
You can go to the hospital for a comprehensive physical examination.
I have been a doctor for so many years
Never seen such a miracle
This medicine, this medicine actually cured my terminal illness?
OK